clarifying getting 'getting started' for prometheus integration (#2053)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/monitoring-metrics/prometheus-integration.md

To get started with custom monitoring:

> 1. Create a folder called 'prometheus' on your local machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a directory called 'prometheus' on your local machine:
```

> 1. Create a directory called 'prometheus' on your local machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a directory called 'prometheus' on your local machine.
```

>     - Within that folder, create a file called 'prometheus.yml'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Within that directory, create a file called `prometheus.yml`.
```

>     - Within that directory, create a file called `prometheus.yml`.
>     - Add the following contents to the yml file and replace `<cluster_name>` with your Redis cluster's FQDN:

Reviewer: Maybe these should be numbered steps instead of nested bullet points.
```suggestion
1. Within that directory, create a file called `prometheus.yml`.
1. Add the following contents to the yml file and replace `<cluster_name>` with your Redis cluster's FQDN:
```

>     - Copy and paste the following contents into the yml file, replacing `<cluster_name>` with your redis cluster FQDN:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Add the following contents to the yml file and replace `<cluster_name>` with your Redis cluster's FQDN:
```

    {{< note >}}

> This is for development testing only (running in docker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is for development testing only (running in Docker).
```

> This is for deveopment testing only (running in docker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is for development testing only (running in docker).
```
